RESTART_BACKEND.md, before:

# 🚨 CRITICAL: Backend Needs Manual Restart!

## Problem:
Your auth.controller.ts changes **are not applied** yet. The backend is still running the old code that returns `role: "STUDENT"` for everyone.

**Evidence**: Log shows `"role": "STUDENT"` for cashier@university.edu

---

## ✅ Solution: Restart Backend Server

### Option 1: Kill & Restart (Recommended)

**Step 1**: Stop ALL Node processes
```powershell
# In PowerShell:
Get-Process node | Stop-Process -Force
```

**Step 2**: Restart backend

```powershell
cd apps\backend
npm run start:dev
```

**Step 3**: Restart mobile app
```powershell
cd ..\mobile
npx expo start --clear
```

---

### Option 2: Use Task Manager

1. Open **Task Manager** (`Ctrl+Shift+Esc`)
2. Find all **Node.js** processes
3. Right-click → **End Task** on each
4. Run `setup.bat` again

---

### Option 3: Reboot Computer

If nothing else works, restart your PC. Docker and all Node processes will stop.

---

## How to Verify It's Fixed:

**After restarting, check the backend terminal for**:
```
[Nest] INFO [NestFactory] Starting Nest application...
[Nest] INFO [InstanceLoader] AuthController dependencies initialized
```

**Then login as cashier and check console log should show**:
```
User logged in: {"role": "CASHIER"}  ✅
```

NOT:
```
User logged in: {"role": "STUDENT"}  ❌
```

---

## Why This Happened:

NestJS has **hot reload** but sometimes doesn't pick up controller changes, especially:
- Constructor changes (adding PrismaService)
- Decorator changes (@Injectable)
- Import changes

**Always manually restart backend after major changes!**

Commit message:

feat: Implement Staff Management, Cashier, and Profile screens, add backend authentication and API, and update documentation.

RESTART_BACKEND.md, after:

# 🚨 CRITICAL: Backend Needs Manual Restart

## Problem

Your auth.controller.ts changes **are not applied** yet. The backend is still running the old code that returns `role: "STUDENT"` for everyone.

**Evidence**: Log shows `"role": "STUDENT"` for `<cashier@university.edu>`

---

## ✅ Solution: Restart Backend Server

### Option 1: Kill & Restart (Recommended)

**Step 1**: Stop ALL Node processes

```powershell
# In PowerShell:
Get-Process node | Stop-Process -Force
```

**Step 2**: Restart backend

```powershell
cd apps\backend
npm run start:dev
```

**Step 3**: Restart mobile app

```powershell
cd ..\mobile
npx expo start --clear
```

---

### Option 2: Use Task Manager

1. Open **Task Manager** (`Ctrl+Shift+Esc`)
2. Find all **Node.js** processes
3. Right-click → **End Task** on each
4. Run `setup.bat` again

---

### Option 3: Reboot Computer

If nothing else works, restart your PC. Docker and all Node processes will stop.

---

## How to Verify It's Fixed

**After restarting, check the backend terminal for**:

```text
[Nest] INFO [NestFactory] Starting Nest application...
[Nest] INFO [InstanceLoader] AuthController dependencies initialized
```

**Then login as cashier and check console log should show**:

```text
User logged in: {"role": "CASHIER"}  ✅
```

**Then login as student and check console log should show**:

```text
User logged in: {"role": "STUDENT"}  ✅
```

---

## Why This Happened

NestJS has **hot reload** but sometimes doesn't pick up controller changes, especially:

- Constructor changes (adding PrismaService)
- Decorator changes (@Injectable)
- Import changes

**Always manually restart backend after major changes!**
